# Publications
## Journal Transactions
1. **Changyue Song**, Kaibo Liu, and Xi Zhang (2021), “Collusion Detection and Ground Truth Inference in Crowdsourcing for Labeling Tasks,” *Journal of Machine Learning Research*, 22(190), 1-45. (This paper received the best paper award in the Best Paper Competition in the QSR section of INFORMS, 2019) [\[paper\]](https://www.jmlr.org/papers/volume22/19-373/19-373.pdf) [\[code\]](collusion_crowdsourcing.zip)
2. **Changyue Song**, Ziqian Zheng, and Kaibo Liu (2021), “Building Local Models for Flexible Degradation Modeling and Prognostics,” *IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering*, in press. [\[paper\]](local_model.pdf) [\[data\]](https://ti.arc.nasa.gov/tech/dash/groups/pcoe/prognostic-data-repository/#turbofan) [\[code\]](local_model.zip)
3. Minhee Kim, **Changyue Song**, and Kaibo Liu (2021), “Individualized Degradation Modeling and Prognostics in a Heterogeneous Group via Incorporating Static Covariate Information,” *IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering*, in press.
4. **Changyue Song**, Kaibo Liu, and Xi Zhang (2019), “A Generic Framework for Multisensor Degradation Modeling based on Supervised Classification and Failure Surface,” *IISE Transactions*, 51(11), 1288-1302. (This paper was selected for the Natrella invited session in the 2019 Quality & Productivity Research Conference in Washington, DC; and selected as feature article in ISE Magazine) [\[paper\]](failure_surface.pdf) [\[data\]](https://ti.arc.nasa.gov/tech/dash/groups/pcoe/prognostic-data-repository/#turbofan) [\[code\]](failure_surface.zip)
5. Minhee Kim, **Changyue Song**, and Kaibo Liu (2019), “A Generic Health Index Approach for Multisensor Degradation Modeling and Sensor Selection,” *IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering*, 16(3), 1426-1437. (This paper was selected for presentation in the T-ASE invited session in the 2019 INFORMS conference) [\[paper\]](generic_HI.pdf)
6. **Changyue Song** and Kaibo Liu (2018), “Statistical Degradation Modeling and Prognostics of Multiple Sensor Signals via Data Fusion: A Composite Health Index Approach,” *IISE Transactions*, 50(10), 853-867. (This paper received the Best Paper Finalist award (theoretical track) in the Data Mining Section of INFORMS, 2017) [\[paper\]](quantile_HI.pdf) [\[data\]](https://ti.arc.nasa.gov/tech/dash/groups/pcoe/prognostic-data-repository/#turbofan) [\[code\]](quantileHI.zip)
7. Abdallah Chehade, **Changyue Song**, Kaibo Liu, Abhinav Saxena, and Xi Zhang (2018), “A Data-level Fusion Approach for Degradation Modeling and Prognostic Analysis under Multiple Failure Modes,” *Journal of Quality Technology*, 50(2), 150-165. (This paper received the Best Student Paper Finalist award (2nd place) in the QCRE Section of IISE Annual Conference 2016).
8. **Changyue Song**, Kaibo Liu, and Xi Zhang (2017), “Integration of Data-level Fusion Model and Kernel Methods for Degradation Modeling and Prognostic Analysis,” *IEEE Transactions on Reliability*, 67(2), 640-650. [\[paper\]](kernel_HI.pdf) [\[data\]](https://ti.arc.nasa.gov/tech/dash/groups/pcoe/prognostic-data-repository/#turbofan) [\[code\]](kernel_HI.zip)
9. Kaibo Liu, Abdallah Chehade, and **Changyue Song** (2017), “Optimize the Signal Quality of the Composite Health Index via Data Fusion for Degradation Modeling and Prognostic Analysis," *IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering*, 14(3), 1504-1514. (This paper received the Best Student Poster award in Quality, Statistics, and Reliability Section of INFORMS, 2015)
10. **Changyue Song**, Kaibo Liu, Xi Zhang, Lili Chen, and Xiaochen Xian (2016), "An Obstructive Sleep Apnea Detection Approach Using a Discriminative Hidden Markov Model from ECG Signals," *IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering*, 63(7), 1532-1542. (This paper was selected as the Best Student Paper Finalist in the Industrial and Systems Engineering Research Conference (ISERC), 2015) [\[paper\]](OSA_HMM.pdf)
11. Lili Chen, Xi Zhang, and **Changyue Song** (2015), "An Automatic Screening Approach for Obstructive Sleep Apnea Diagnosis Based on Single-Lead Electrocardiogram," *IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering*, 12(1), 106-115.

## Conference Papers
1. Lili Chen, Xi Zhang, and **Changyue Song** (2013), "A severity measurement system for obstructive sleep apnea discrimination using a single ECG signal," in Automation Science and Engineering (CASE), 2013 IEEE International Conference on, IEEE, 2013 (This paper receives the Best Paper Award).

## Book Chapters
1. Lili Chen, **Changyue Song**, and Xi Zhang (2016), “Statistical Modeling of Electrocardiography Signal for Subject Monitoring and Diagnosis,” Healthcare Analytics: From Data to Knowledge to Healthcare Improvement, John Wiley & Sons.
